Prologue Intro:

Elder Saerl: The world of Pana is dying, young one.

Elder Saerl: For centuries we have endured, under the watchful shadow of the Wellspring Primus. One of the last true settlements, reduced to a mere shadow of its former self. Long before you were born, we knew even the raw natural power of the Wellspring would eventually wane, and leave nothing but dust. The great sages of Ols knew this, and we elders knew this.

Elder Saerl: But the day you were born, when your mother...

Elder Saerl: You were born with a gift, Irí. Your vitality seems to drive away the decay which plagues us. I have already sent word to Ols; this is something worth traversing the continent for.

Elder Saerl: Shh, hush now. Your future will be bright. I pray that you will be able to share your brightness with the world...

Sixteen Years Later

Elder Saerl: I worry, Jou. Irí is not yet ready! We need more time to train, more time to study...

Elder Jou: We cannot wait any longer! Haven't you seen the signs? We must have a few months left, if that!

Elder Saerl:  ...

Elder Saerl: Alright.

Elder Saerl: It's time to wake up, young one. It appears the time to act has come sooner than we predicted.

You wake up in your room. The two great elders of your village, Saerl and Jou, stand over your bed. They both look concerned, and Jou looks rather impatient.

Actions: Talk to Elder Saerl; Talk to Elder Jou; Check surroundings 

Talk to Elder Saerl: Elder Saerl: Unfortunately, we have to... accelerate our training somewhat. I wish we had more time, but... we must hurry to the Wellspring Primus.

Talk to Elder Jou: Elder Jou: I hope you're up to the task, kid. You haven't had a lot of training but it'll have to do. Don't let my daughter's death be in vain.

Check surroundings: Your room is small, but still larger than most. Ancient books are in a pile in one corner, and a few wooden swords and staffs lay strewn across the floor. Elder Saerl raised you since you were a child and the look of concern on his face is very telling. Elder Jou, besides being your grandfather, was always tough and sheltered. He's  tapping his fingers on his ceremonial belt. They both hover over your bed, waiting for you to move. How rude.

New action: Leave the room



